<p class="page_section_paragraph">My internship work has been with Time Warner Cable for the past two summers. For each of these summers I was put to work writing code using web technologies including html, CSS, and JavaScript, though for very different purposes. The first summer I was testing new hardware by writing small media applications with a group of other interns to test the feasibility of streaming media while for the second summer I was put in the middle of building an enormous new interface with dozens of seasoned engineers. Both of these experiences were incredibly helpful and I learned many new techniques in programming and teamwork as well as a lot about my interests and possibilities for my future career. </p><p class="page_section_paragraph">For the first summer in 2013, I was part of the hardware testing and implementation division. Normal work for this division is to integrate hardware with new systems and to test and monitor the hardware in the field. A lot of their work goes to improving remote diagnostics so that client hardware problems can be diagnosed and possibly fixed without a worker having to drive to the client’s house. My work however was fixed primarily on future developments. I was part of a four-person intern team that was assigned to test prototype hardware and assess the difficulty of building new applications for the system. This became our main objective for the summer, but not until later in the summer. When all of the interns arrived at the beginning of the summer our mentor had some ideas about what we could focus on, but had not finalized exactly what we were going to be doing. So our first couple of weeks included a lot of different small projects. Most of these focused on giving each of us the skills to work with networked systems and learning about how hardware such as a DVR could possibly talk to another completely different device such as a PS3. </p> <p class="page_section_paragraph">These starting weeks were incredibly important for me because I amassed a lot of different skills in a very short period of time, most of which were with technologies that I had never been exposed to. I had very little knowledge at the time with networking tools or the command line, so having to build my own knowledge in order to complete these small random projects was beneficial for the projects as well as teaching me how to learn on my own quickly and efficiently. One of the small projects from this time was setting up a raspberry pi to track packets going through the network. The manager only gave us the pi and a blank SD card so we had learn how to install an OS to an SD card, setup a network through the command line, explore various API’s, and then build scripts to scrape the network for information that could be used. The project could have been done in an hour or two by an experience developer, but my group took several days before we had the pi actually monitoring the network properly. Around mid summer our manager brought us the main project. Some prototype units that were similar to DVRs arrived at the office. The main difference between current hardware and the prototype units was that the new units used an HTML5 browser as an interface instead of embedded applications using C. The company wanted to switch to this type of hardware within the next year so they wanted to know how easy writing applications for the new hardware would be. This included writing web based media applications such as Pandora for music streaming or Youtube for video and also getting over-the-air signals and using them to stream video. The large differences between receiving media in these different mediums meant that the team had to split up into two smaller teams. I was in the web based media team with another guy and both of us knew nothing about web programming. The period immediately following was one of the most exciting times of my internship. Learning how to code web pages through HTML, CSS, and JavaScript was the most fun I had as a computer scientist and is the reason I have focused my career towards web based technologies. </p> <p class="page_section_paragraph">After learning the basics of web programming, the other intern and I built and application for the prototype hardware that streamed music from the website 8tracks using their API. Switching to testing the application on the hardware was difficult because the interactions had to be done through the remote instead of a mouse. This was another new experience for me since I had never done embedded software before. We had to program a software keyboard and arrow interactions in addition to all of the music interaction in the background. In the end our application was successful not just because the other intern and I learned how to program through the web and embed that code, but also because our division was able to use our findings for future development. </p> <p class="page_section_paragraph">For my second summer, in 2014, I was part of the HNAV team. This team, which was composed of around 50 software engineers, was put together to build the next generation interface for upcoming web based hardware such as DVRs. I changed divisions because my personal goals had shifted from not having any idea what I wanted to do with my computer science skills to focusing on web based programming as a result of the previous summer. I was put on a team and given the same responsibilities as the permanent developers as the team fixed bugs in the new system and added new features. Despite my being comfortable with writing the software and interested in the technology, this summer did not turn out as well. </p>   <p class="page_section_paragraph">The issues I had weren’t with the technical aspects of the work; though I was slower than the professional developers. I was having problems with the fact that the work I was doing wasn’t satisfying to me. I would go through my days of work and not enjoy what I was doing. I learned that sitting at a computer and coding all day was not the kind of work that I wanted to do. This is not to say that I don’t like to program, it’s more like code should be only a single aspect or a supplement to my main work. This realization was very jarring for me since my major is computer science, but I’m glad that this recognition was made so I could change the direction of my career from straight coder into something else. </p>  <p class="page_section_paragraph">My internship experience overall was very beneficial to me; whether it taught me skills I needed to know or to realize I don’t want to do the type of work I was given in the internship. I believe that is what internships are all about. Testing the career market to figure out if what you thought you wanted to do with your life was really all you believed it to be. </p>