As a senior at CU Boulder I worked as team lead with 5 other students to design and implement a DJ assistant tool for Radio 1190. This tool would serve two purposes, first there would be an automated DJ to play when a physical dj was not present at the station. This could be turned on at any time and was required to play continuously until turned off. The station also required that certain ads and station sweepers would be played at specific time of the hour. To manage this a database of all digital songs, ads, and sweepers was created then playlists with all required material would be generated daily at the beginning of the day. When the system is switched into AutoDJ mode a playlist that matched the current hour would be loaded and the song that matched the minute of the hour would start to play. <br>
 The second part of the project was to create an intereface to help live DJs manage sets and live music. For this a database of all CDs in the station was created and daily playlists generated. These playlists however are filled with holes for DJ music picks and can be edited on the fly. This part of the project also included hot buttons and notifications to simplify the flow of being a DJ by allowing sweepers to instantly be queued up and notifications to help mitigate forgotten ads. <br>
 The last part of the project that enveloped both other pieces was creating a logging system to keep track of played songs and ads for legal reasons and creating a backend for admins to add songs to the database, edit custom shows, and tweak playlist creation settings. <br>
 For this project my responsibilities were day to day task management for the team, version control manager using GIT, managing client expectations in response to team resources, and I was lead designer for the interface including User Interface mockups, Coding, and User Experience Testing. This project was web based with AngularJs powering the front end, Django handling admin interactions and custom python creating playlists and other backend interactions. I worked primarily in photoshop for mockups, CSS for interface styling, and some javascript for user interactions.