Part of the thesis projects class to end my Minor in Technology, Arts, and Media was to find a client on campus and then design and create some sort of graphic content for them. My group which consisted of me and three others did our work for The Space Research Company which is an aerospace engineering startup company out of the engineering school and CU Boulder. This was a unique expereience because the company was so new that they didn't have any logo or company image at all. So we started with creating a logo. We went through a very larg number of iteration involving the logo as we slowly came to align their ideals for the company with the look that they wanted. Below are a few of my personal logos that emerged from the process. <br>

Once we settled on the logo we designed many smaller assets for them including business cards, a powerpoint template, and a document header. Next was creating a website for the company. They had already started a basic template website with squarespace so we decided to build off of that so that they could easily change in the future despite the lack of control when considering a hand built site. The website can be found here: <a href="http://www.thespaceresearchcompany.com/" target="_blank">http://www.thespaceresearchcompany.com/ </a> <br>

The last piece of design was a promotional video designed to showcase their main product and the steps that clients would have to use it. Their product is a small cube satellite that clients would buy and put experiments into. The video showcased the launch the satellite and how the product would perform in space. This video was created using after effects for 2d animation combined with maya for 3d renders of the product, with images and video shot by me.