<p class="page_section_paragraph"> When looking to what kind of professional career I want to build for myself, there are many goals and experiences that I want to build toward. Success to me is about finding not only what I am good at, but also what makes me feel fulfilled and happy with the work that is produced. However, before I can look forward there needs to be some sort of reflection. Only by examining what has come before can I really learn how I’ve changed and what really matters to me as I look to expand my career in terms of learning and a professional career. </p>
<p class="page_section_paragraph"> Looking back at what I’ve gone through I can personally say that it has been an interesting journey. Not just getting from one place to another, but more about finding where the destination will be. I’ve always had small inklings about how my professional career could be based on my interests, though matching interests with a lifelong career has turned out to be incredibly difficult for me. As I entered college I was still attempting to find a way I could exploit my interests. I knew I liked computers, so computer science seemed to be a logical choice of major with the hope that this was the track that would guide me to success. What I next discovered as I went through my undergraduate career was that computer science is a very interesting area of study, but not quite the right fit for me. This realization took quite a while. Going through my classes slowly gave me the truth that I really wasn’t completely satisfied with my work. This culminated during an internship as a software developer over the summer. I realized that every day was frustration and I wasn’t enjoying any of it. I realized that staring only at code all day wasn’t giving me the opportunity to use the skills I wanted. </p>
<p class="page_section_paragraph"> I am glad, though, that I have been a part of the world of computer science as I have learned an incredible amount and so many paths have been opened as a result of the technical skills that I have acquired. Fortunately, my time as an undergraduate has allowed me to explore a large number of different fields and interests. My first field I explored was creative writing. What attracted me and still attracts me to creative writing is the human component. Writing about people to entertain people is incredibly satisfying to me because of the exploration into how humans work. By really diving into these inner workings, I believe I have a better understanding of how to design and create in my other areas of work. Also, I’ve learned that bringing in the human experience to my work is something that needs to be a part of whatever work I do for the rest of my life. I am incredibly happy with my decision to pursue and complete a minor in creative writing. </p>
 T<p class="page_section_paragraph"> he next field I explored was that of design, including user experience and graphic design. I entered into this world through a minor in technology, arts, and media. What initially pulled me towards design was an attraction to the look and feel of well-designed software and hardware. I enjoyed this experience and had many ideas of my own about improving this interaction between people and technology. Through the connection of technology I believe that people can communicate much more clearly. This idea about improving communication between people by using technology and design has appealed to me in such a way that this is the path I will continue on with my life. I have found that when I am designing I am happy and fulfilled.  Thus, pursuing a master’s degree in technology, arts, and media is my next logical step after my undergraduate experience. </p>
 <p class="page_section_paragraph"> What all of these experiences have given me is a better idea of what direction I want to steer my life. It has really been about learning by doing and finding the truth of whether or not I could spend the rest of my life doing any given career. The value has really been in exploring my interests enough to realize that sometimes a slight change in direction can mean all the difference. For example, my initial interest in working with computers has led me to a better choice of using the computer for design. Also, I’ve found that by using all of the skills that I’ve obtained, I can truly make worthwhile projects that are fulfilling to me and unlike anything else. All of my interests also intersect when I am producing something, whether it is a story, an interface or anything else I am creating. This natural cross point draws all of my interests closer together. Going across disciplines is now something that I will be looking for in future careers and opportunities. The last and most important piece of all this is that I have learned that only by exploring many different fields can I improve on what I already know and show me that sometimes I don’t know what I will enjoy unless I try it. </p>
<p class="page_section_paragraph"> My journey to a professional career will be about maximizing all these past experiences and looking to learn as much as I can as I go forward. With this in mind my current path is about bringing together skills in programming, storytelling, and design to build technology and applications. Through the combination of these disciplines I believe that my best work will be produced. </p>